[Music]
about two years ago we started something
we call project 30 where we made a video
every single day for 30 days straight
about things we had never done before
and for one of those days we invented a
game we called bugs pong
instead of drinking beer after every
shot we made we ate disgusting exotic
bugs it literally tastes like a rug and
about two weeks ago our friends Nicole
and Tyler moved in next door and we
later found out that Tyler was deathly
afraid of bugs so to introduce them to
the neighborhood in the yesterday way we
decided to surprise them with another
edition of bugs pong so I bought a lot
of disgusting giant cricket chung-ho
trail mix this all no diet water buckets
bag chocolate-covered bhagawan's at
least they're chocolate covered
chocolate coated yes scorpion oh yeah
loser has need of tarantula the problem
is they have no idea of what they're
doing I would feel like oh you're gonna
come over to fill a little bit like a
quick episode you guys gonna have such a
good time it's gonna be amazing and I
think oh you're just like decked out in
outfits good you guys ready for some fun
[Music]
okay
why what TV bezel or something the
neighborhood probably neighborhood
welcome but everything is covered on
yeah if there's chocolate covered
animals on I'm not eating to be covered
so we played this game before and we
call it bug fungus I told you
each cup as a number and there's a bug
underneath it the whole point of what we
do is to get out of your comfort zone
and I remember you told me you would
never eat an ant accusing sex of your
life
yeah I know you should have a company
that is just sell for us to want to do
it the losing team there's a tarantula
I'm not gonna like literally no no it's
dried like tiny tarantula yeah no that's
not true I will not be eating magic blue
you got the best nation our gang now
also for context this table was doing it
this has by her dad so I don't know
what's in it
we got wishing it was like jerky oh
we're surgeons oh damn that sounds
delicious love you too
I have a good cheese wow it's really
true I'm not marrying
[Music]
yes I'll hit the rim every time Wow just
wind what's more there's like nobody
continued playing at these you at the
service what is that what is that giant
water Scorpius but you should wrong dry
I promise one side is clearly worse than
the if I do right baby Zeus you can give
to you the whole thing
yeah you guys you take it okay three two
one right who's just waiting
oh no oh wait let's eat a king scorpion
ah good Oh what's this I do the
[Music]
Ezard dancing it up you can't do that
together it is the worst thing in very
much
I'm sorry you get to see that change
America yeah right we'll have legs like
this the scorpions segment in my teeth
you're disgusting
[Music]
I think things looking out no these are
oh okay baby's fine okay little people
like popcorn kernals pretty hurts right
okay all right the game is currently
tied to cut Beach and it's four more to
go so mad does she's a freaking butcher
right here yes oh my god but we're not
going to like eat it all I'm said that
like the pieces
are you sure not really have to Sarah
wanted done weii done nice you're faring
much better than Thomas Oh
coastal tune okay good 9:00 a.m. the
steepest come from let me just go
through them
have you made a custom no all right
this is thrown up it hasn't made a shot
it was a bottle the buddy favors your
party you did buoys right hahaha
what was that it was the Hat
[Music]
I'm not going to Rancho
I just need to get better at
so Thomas has like made a shot at
scoring yeah I have carried the team
through and through making three shots
it's just the rims dude I'm so close
he's thrown up a bug as well not only am
i making all the shots of eating all the
bugs egg tires
what do you doing do your moment it's
halftime
your new man ever kid we're currently
winning we haven't thrown up yet I get
all like happy right now I'm just
excited to see the face when they update
the trans la in the video back I don't
base on yeah if the chocolate-covered
Scorpio
[Music]
what is that a real man
so they've used their Joker you can get
someone in the audience to come again
I'm not no this is a giant black
scorpion and this is a giant beetle hear
the joke no I - if he's like like
literally the biggest dick here left is
eating the giant Oreo is not about the
Korea - no that's why I like dusting my
Marion dummies like why do they exist
listen healthy biters have plenty of
purpose we're never watched planet Earth
[Applause]
don't make this with the spatula we
don't we do not want to eat a tarantula
look if that's something you don't want
to do all the way it's too much make you
feel that oh yes this is not good
environment for you because then went
all things holy okay even for me right
that it's so bigger than in the pictures
why do you think it's not bad
I think a little Mahler in the picture
it's really big dig we splitted xinyu
that are you are you crazy
you've lost your blood Harry again Jerry
thank you ha ha ha ha maybe know what
happened not what it's got so much hair
on it libido fighter now yeah this is
the most disgusting thing I've ever done
ok Matt let's have a half of this
blithe forth beetle and I'm eating half
of a tarantula right now there we go
oh my this is were wailing it as
I'm here waiting not I just closing the
insects episode joke's on me really fine
just go no wow gotta get off it oh no
don't done oh you got your wizard to get
a picture
come on your daughter way to do it guys
thank you so much for watching and thank
you to our new neighbors
Heather Nicole for putting in this game
and being good sports and and most of
all I'd like to give a shout out to
Thomas for coming up with the idea for
this game but also not being very good
at it and he did his best
we'll see you on Thursday
[Music]